Remove mention about SPA project templates (#34570)
dotnet/aspnetcore: src/ProjectTemplates/README.md

- `Web.Client.ItemTemplates`: Contains the Web Client-Side File templates, includes things like less, scss, and typescript
- `Web.ItemTemplates`: Contains the Web File templates, includes things like: protobuf, razor component, razor page, view import and start pages

> - `Web.ProjectTemplates`: Contains the ASP.NET Core Web Template pack, including Blazor Server, WASM, Empty, Grpc, Razor Class Library, RazorPages, MVC, WebApi.

Author: ```suggestion
- `Web.ProjectTemplates`: Contains the ASP.NET Core Web Template pack, including Blazor Server, WASM, Empty, Grpc, Razor Class Library, RazorPages, MVC, WebApi.
- `Web.Spa.ProjectTemplates`: Contains the Single Page Application templates for ASP.NET Core, including Anuglar, React, ReactRedux. *Note, that this folder is brought by a submodule from the dotnet/spa-templates repo.**
```

- `Web.Client.ItemTemplates`: Contains the Web Client-Side File templates, includes things like less, scss, and typescript
- `Web.ItemTemplates`: Contains the Web File templates, includes things like: protobuf, razor component, razor page, view import and start pages
- `Web.ProjectTemplates`: Contains the ASP.NET Core Web Template pack, including Blazor Server, WASM, Empty, Grpc, Razor Class Library, RazorPages, MVC, WebApi.

> - `Web.Spa.ProjectTemplates`: Contains the Single Page Application templates for ASP.NET Core, including Anuglar, React, ReactRedux. *Note, that this folder is brought by a submodule from the dotnet/spa-templates repo.**

Reviewer: Not quite sure how to phrase this because the Web.Spa.ProjectTemplates _folder_ no longer exists anywhere. The project Microsoft.DotNet.Web.Spa.ProjectTemplates.csproj still exists however.

I also suggest moving this into a second paragraph because `contains a description of each sub-directory` doesn't work for this project.

1. After installation define a new environment variable named `JAVA_HOME` pointing to the root of the latest JDK installation (for Windows it will be something like `c:\Program Files\Java\jdk-12`).
1. Add the `%JAVA_HOME%\bin` directory to the `PATH` environment variable

> `Web.Spa.ProjectTemplates`folder contains the Single Page Application templates, including Anuglar, React. Those are brought in by a submodule from the dotnet/spa-templates repo.**

Reviewer: Suggestion because the "folder" doesn't exist in dotnet/spa-templates either
```suggestion
Microsoft.DotNet.Web.Spa.ProjectTemplates.csproj contains the Single Page Application templates, including Anuglar, React. **This is brought in by a submodule from the dotnet/spa-templates repo.**
```

Could also drop the bolding entirely.
